doc/csp_udp.md, before:

## Installation instructions

We will use WAF build sytstem to build CSP library and to generate the python embeddings.

All of the required settings are set as default in the [script](/wscript). Use the following commands to install libcsp with python bindings enabled.
```
./waf configure --prefix=INSTALL_PATH
./waf build install
```
The first command configures the build environment. Replace `INSTALL_PATH` with your preferred installation location. The second command builds the library and copies the required binaries to the `INSTALL_PATH` if given.

## Using libcsp python bindings

To use the python bindings of libcsp within a script/terminal, we need to point `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` and `PYTHON_PATH` to the libcsp build directory.  

```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python
```

You can import the library as shown below in the python interpreter/script.
```python
import libcsp_py3 as libcsp
```

## Using the UDP interface

```python
import libcsp_py3 as libcsp

#initialises a CSP instance with an ID 27 and creates 10 buffers of size 300 each
libcsp.init(27, "host", "model", "1.2.3", 10, 300)
#initialised UDP interface with NET_ADDR as local host, listening port 9601, transmitting port 9600
libcsp.udp_init("127.0.0.1",9601,9600)
```

## Running the example

Start the server in one instance of a terminal.
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python LIBCSP_DIR/examples/udp_server.py
```
Start the client in another instance of a terminal.
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python LIBCSP_DIR/examples/udp_client.py
```

The client sends a fixed data 10 times over the UDP interface.  In the server terminal, the recieved data is printed out 10 times similarly.

## Changes made to backport UDP interface

- Files added from V2.0
  - csp_if_udp.c 
    - Changes from V2.0 - Modified transmission function signature to match it to V1.6 transmission function signature.
  - cso_if_udp.h
    - Changes from V2.0 - Modified transmission function signature to match it to V1.6 transmission function signature.
  - csp_id.c
    - Changes from V2.0 - Removed V2.0 functions.
  - csp_id.h 
    - Changes from V2.0 - Removed V2.0 functions.

- Files modified
  - csp_interface.h
    - Modified interface structure to support UDP - `csp_iface_s`.
  - csp_types.h
    - Modified packet structure to support UDP - `csp_packet_s`.
  - pyscp.c
    - Added entrypoint for UDP initialisation - `pycsp_udp_init`.

## Control flow

- Initialise CSP with ID, number of buffers and buffer size.
- Initialise UDP with net address, listening port, transmission port.
  - Setup transmission function to be invoked when a packet of data should be sent.
  - Creates a new socket and binds the listening port to the socket.
  - Starts a thread for recieving data on the listening port.
  - Use the same socket for transmission.
- Server specific flow
  - Setup routing tables.
  - Depending on the interface mentioned in the routing table the interface specific functions are called for transmission and recieving.
    - Example: `0/0 UDP` - UDP interface functions are invoked.
- Client specific flow
  - Load routing tables setup by the server. (Can also setup routing table)
- To send data
  - CSP preallocates buffers when initialised.
  - To send data, request a buffer from the buffer pool for the packet length.
  - Copy data to the acquired buffer.
  - Use the sendto function to send data.
    - Will call the transmission function setup during UDP initialisation.
    - Use operating system based `sendto` to send the packet of data over UDP.
  - Free up the buffer.
- To recieve data
  - On UDP initialisation a recieving thread is created.
  - The thread actively listens on the port with operating system based `recvfrom` in blocking state.
  - Once the packet is recieved the packet of data is put into a fifo queue.
  - By using the library functions `accept` and later `read` the queue is polled for new data.
  - Once new data comes in the first time the connection is accepted. Later using `read` function packets are read and sent for further processing.

Commit message:

Add intro to the csp_udp document

doc/csp_udp.md, after:


Libcsp V1.6 doesn't support sending packets via UDP interface. The DPU which uses Libcsp V1.6 has the ability to send/recieve CSP packets via UDP interface. To achieve this functionality, Fraunhofer EMI has backported UDP interface from V2.0 to V1.6. We emulate the same to have a standalone library that can be used to recieve packets and read data from the DPU without having to use a DPU simulator.

The following document aims to provide the reader instructions to install the library and run the examples to check the functionality. Further, there are sections which talk about the changes made to the current implementation and a detailed control flow discussion.

## Installation instructions

We will use WAF build sytstem to build CSP library and to generate python embeddings.

All of the required settings are set as default in the [script](/wscript). Use the following commands to install libcsp with python bindings enabled.
```
./waf configure --prefix=INSTALL_PATH
./waf build install
```
The first command configures the build environment. Replace `INSTALL_PATH` with your preferred installation location. The second command builds the library and copies the required binaries to the `INSTALL_PATH` if given.

## Using libcsp python bindings

To use the python bindings of libcsp within a script/terminal, we need to point `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` and `PYTHON_PATH` to the libcsp build directory.  

```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python
```

You can import the library as shown below in the python interpreter/script.
```python
import libcsp_py3 as libcsp
```

## Using the UDP interface

```python
import libcsp_py3 as libcsp

#initialises a CSP instance with an ID 27 and creates 10 buffers of size 300 each
libcsp.init(27, "host", "model", "1.2.3", 10, 300)
#initialised UDP interface with NET_ADDR as local host, listening port 9601, transmitting port 9600
libcsp.udp_init("127.0.0.1",9601,9600)
```

## Running the example

Start the server in one instance of a terminal.
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python LIBCSP_DIR/examples/udp_server.py
```
Start the client in another instance of a terminal.
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build PYTHON_PATH=LIBCSP_DIR/build python LIBCSP_DIR/examples/udp_client.py
```

The client sends a fixed data 10 times over the UDP interface.  In the server terminal, the recieved data is printed out 10 times similarly.

## Changes made to backport UDP interface

- Files added from V2.0
  - csp_if_udp.c 
    - Changes from V2.0 - Modified transmission function signature to match it to V1.6 transmission function signature.
  - cso_if_udp.h
    - Changes from V2.0 - Modified transmission function signature to match it to V1.6 transmission function signature.
  - csp_id.c
    - Changes from V2.0 - Removed V2.0 functions.
  - csp_id.h 
    - Changes from V2.0 - Removed V2.0 functions.

- Files modified
  - csp_interface.h
    - Modified interface structure to support UDP - `csp_iface_s`.
  - csp_types.h
    - Modified packet structure to support UDP - `csp_packet_s`.
  - pyscp.c
    - Added entrypoint for UDP initialisation - `pycsp_udp_init`.

## Control flow

- Initialise CSP with ID, number of buffers and buffer size.
- Initialise UDP with net address, listening port, transmission port.
  - Setup transmission function to be invoked when a packet of data should be sent.
  - Creates a new socket and binds the listening port to the socket.
  - Starts a thread for recieving data on the listening port.
  - Use the same socket for transmission.
- Server specific flow
  - Setup routing tables.
  - Depending on the interface mentioned in the routing table the interface specific functions are called for transmission and recieving.
    - Example: `0/0 UDP` - UDP interface functions are invoked.
- Client specific flow
  - Load routing tables setup by the server. (Can also setup routing table)
- To send data
  - CSP preallocates buffers when initialised.
  - To send data, request a buffer from the buffer pool for the packet length.
  - Copy data to the acquired buffer.
  - Use the sendto function to send data.
    - Will call the transmission function setup during UDP initialisation.
    - Use operating system based `sendto` to send the packet of data over UDP.
  - Free up the buffer.
- To recieve data
  - On UDP initialisation a recieving thread is created.
  - The thread actively listens on the port with operating system based `recvfrom` in blocking state.
  - Once the packet is recieved the packet of data is put into a fifo queue.
  - By using the library functions `accept` and later `read` the queue is polled for new data.
  - Once new data comes in the first time the connection is accepted. Later using `read` function packets are read and sent for further processing.
